# Georgetown-Data-Research-Analyst
This repository includes sample code to be reviewed by Georgetown University's Center for Security and Emerging Technology.

The provided code in this repository is a python code I created as part of a Computational Physics course. The purpose of this code was to properly simulate a Triple Star Orbit in which three stars orbit one another. Therefore, force, velocity, position, acceleration, and most importantly energy calculations are made in order to properly simulate how the stars would actually interact with one another in nature. 

The provided code has been modified to plot the overall energy of the of orbit in planetary and even solar orbits, energy of all subjects involved in the orbit needs to remain constant or else the subjects will eventually fall of orbit of one another. The results provided from this are significant because the plot shows energy changing significantly over time which should not happen in a stable orbit. As mentioned previously, since the energy did not remain constant, the three stars eventually fell out of orbit quickly with each other. This is an important and interesting result to find because two stars orbiting one another and remaining together does actually happen within nature, however now we know that three orbiting one another cannot actually happen. Of course, we are unable to actually see this because other stars besides our sun are too far away, therefore simulating this event is essential to truly understand cosmology.    
